welcome back this is my thermaltake v9
Black Edition case that I'm going to be
modding for cable management and this is
I'm not sure if I'm going to be using
this motherboard which is an Intel or if
I'm going to use my other mother board
but anyway here are this motherboard has
four SATA ports on it and here are the
front uh front port inputs so I'm not
sure if I'm probably going to be cutting
here and here because behind this little
plate it's open so I can run the SATA
cables from the hard drive up behind the
board up through here into the
motherboard here and then for the time
being I can run the front port Jack's
into here here are front port to front
port USB is which only have one of and
here is the 24-pin power so I'm going to
be Clinton look I'm recutting right here
and I'm up here here's the is it be four
pin power so i'll be cutting the hole
here and we just turn this around
so if we can get in just in there
actually right right behind right about
in there that's where the holes are for
the cpu cooler and so what I'm going to
do is I'm going to cut cut along here
here like that somewhere I'll be square
though and then that way if I need to
change out the cpu cooler i can i can
get back behind there and i'm going to
cut there is we can look down right here
right here I'm be running the cpu power
or pin power up along back here flip up
through there plug into the motherboard
and
I will be getting hopefully this cut
this weekend and post some videos well
thanks for watching